README.md, before:

# Startup Simulator

Startup Simulator is a lightweight command-line prototype that simulates the early days of running a startup. The project scaffolding provides data-driven actions and events, a minimal CLI, and supporting modules that can be expanded into a richer experience.

## How to Run

1. Ensure you have Python 3.10 or later installed.
2. From the repository root, execute:

   ```bash
   python startup_simulator/main.py
   ```

   Optional arguments:

   - `--seed` – set the random seed used for the session (defaults to 42).
   - `--autosave` – immediately writes a minimal save file to `save.json`.

## How to Play

Running the CLI prints a banner, loads the default startup profile, and lists the available actions and random events defined in `startup_simulator/data`. This scaffold is a starting point for further gameplay logic such as processing turns, applying actions, and resolving events.

## How to Test

The project includes a small test suite using `pytest`.

```bash
pytest
```

The tests cover financial helpers, event loading, and the save system utilities.

Commit message:

Expand seed data for actions, events, and profiles

README.md, after:

# Startup Simulator

Startup Simulator is a lightweight command-line prototype that simulates the early days of running a startup. The project scaffolding provides data-driven actions and events, a minimal CLI, and supporting modules that can be expanded into a richer experience.

## How to Run

1. Ensure you have Python 3.10 or later installed.
2. From the repository root, execute:

   ```bash
   python startup_simulator/main.py
   ```

   Optional arguments:

   - `--seed` – set the random seed used for the session (defaults to 42).
   - `--autosave` – immediately writes a minimal save file to `save.json`.

## How to Play

Running the CLI prints a banner, loads the default startup profile, and lists the available actions and random events defined in `startup_simulator/data`. This scaffold is a starting point for further gameplay logic such as processing turns, applying actions, and resolving events.

## Seed Data

The `/startup_simulator/data` directory provides JSON seeds that power the simulation:

- `actions.json` contains a balanced set of 10+ actions with modest costs, effects, and risks so the early game remains stable.
- `events.json` enumerates 10+ random events with varied durations and reversible effects to keep runs dynamic without runaway swings.
- `startup_profiles.json` lists curated starting profiles (Lean FinTech, Growth Hacker, and Enterprise B2B) that override portions of the default stats.

These files are regular JSON and intentionally omit inline comments so they can be loaded directly by the Python modules.

## How to Test

The project includes a small test suite using `pytest`.

```bash
pytest
```

The tests cover financial helpers, event loading, and the save system utilities.
